{'ChIJ62XomDMSrjsRAUc663qoLls': ['Food is nice and cheap. No parking facility. \nVery congested. You can enjoy only if you are a foodie ☺️.', 'Best place to spend time for the people who love keralian cuisine and also for chai lovers. Evokes nostalgia. The is so refreshing u forget the stress if the day. Must have tea every day place.', 'Drop by, if u want to savor popular and traditional evening snacks from Kerala. It is a popular pit-stop for techies before heading off to work in the ITPL area. Best time to visit here would be from 3 PM to 5 PM to avail "freshly made" snacks.', 'South Indian restaurant with good food tastes and has decent amount of non veg varieties... Try for some good Kerala style food as well... Near marathahalli junction and bridge... Price range is bit high..', 'Nice place. A good option to taste some Northern Kerala food. Feels like home.'], 'ChIJZzX0CzIVrjsRj5qDgNmmFdk': ['The service was really good for us..we had booked the 1st floor party hall..the ambience was good enough too. The location is a bit noisy as its adjacent to Bannerghatta main road. Food isnt exceptionally good or anything but its pretty good enough.atleast more than what we expected..we had come as a corporate group and the setting they had made for us was really good.', 'Very good food. Very nice place. Will come back soon.', 'great service by mr. vinay and prasanna, liked personal attendance. good food too. dr. shashidhar  Plans to come bak again', 'Quick service, Tasty food and nice ambiance. Perfect place for friends and even families as well. The food is affordable and the place is neat.', 'Regular visitor here for the last 10years...off late the place is more suitable for bar, than a family dinner. But the pepper chicken tastes the same all through this year. Awesome pepper chicken...take parcel and eat that from Meenakshi Mall area on a windy evening, that will be great experience'], 'ChIJywqu0VEUrjsRzlpMZG7hsnE': ['Went there for lunch n had veg meal n indeed value for money\n\nClean, quick service good taste', 'The place is spacious. Can accomodate a lot of people.\n\nThe service is a bit slow. Usually it takes minimum 10 minutes to get an item during lunch hours.\n\nSouth indian food is very good. North Indian not so good.\nGood for lunch though.', "Cheap lunch thali's can found here for lunch\nIt's a Kerala restaurant but tastes good\nFound coffee here too good\nBoth Vegetarian and Non Vegetarian food can be found here\nFood tastes good and service is a bit slow during busy in weekend and Friday's as well\nFound restaurant to be clean and Card and wallet payments are also accepted here", 'Good food as always expected fro. Indian coffee house. Well mannered staff.', 'Inexpensive, good food. For people with a sweet tooth, order the French toast !'], 'ChIJbQCAp0MUrjsRjTmLPORnr2Q': ["Great rooftop but service and menu don't match up to it - We had reserved this place for a Friday evening team dinner. The roof top ambience was really amazing. We reached around 7pm the manager led us to the table that was reserved for us. We waited quite a while for them to serve the starters and the welcome drink. All of us were surprised at the service speed, it took ages for them to serve the dishes. Now coming to the variety it was very minimalist with 3 Veg and 3 Non-Veg starters. The main course spread was also limited. It was a big disappointment not worth the money.", 'Service was not good. Less main course.\nAmbience and place was good.', "We had great service and at 1/4 the price, this would be a 5 star review. However, the degustation menu was well in excess of €200 each and at this price and our first visit to a Michelin 3 star we expected more.\n\nGood - service was excellent, breads were superb, very nice ambiance, plating and presentation are 1st class, cheese selection was outstanding, desserts were pretty good\n\nBad - price, many dishes had underdeveloped flavors, fairly boring ingredients (asparagus, beef sirloin, etc.)\n\nAll in all it's a good meal with first class service. But we expected a Michelin 3 star to be more than a good meal. For us, it wasn't our best meal of the day and as far as haute French Dining go, we prefer the French Room in Dallas.\xa0", 'Great place to chill', 'Good'], 'ChIJn5TAr7wVrjsRW9j5c9n4iPk': ['Nice and quit ambience, food is good but little too much rich in the creamyness. Price is also bearable :-)', 'Good one, but expected more. Food is good, but considering cost, it is average. Service is fast.  ', 'Good ambience but very average tasting food.', 'You can choose as an option', 'Good'], 'ChIJZxInvvIVrjsR9GSpvbzeO-w': ['Food is good but sometimes it may not be good also...perfect  place \nfor family visit', 'Was here with family , we are big Biryani lovers . Found a huge insect in the food , it was taken back . The owner dint even say sorry and just gave me bad looks as if I put it there . Things like this do happen but , u must at least apologise very disappointed . And the starters all veg and non veg r Chinese style and very very bad', 'Awesome fud', 'Worst service \nAsked for butter chicken but idiots gave gravy which without chicken.', 'The non veg lovers need to try a food at this restaurant, I had been with my friends they served the best chicken biryani that I ever tasted.The price is reasonable.'], 'ChIJT2jGBjI-rjsRkJZrXpR5vwA': ['After it has changed to Kaveri Family restaurant, the quality is dropping slowly.  Recently went there with my wife and we were completely disappointed with all the items.', 'Normal looking, moderate price, fine taste', 'Good food. Authentic local cuisine.', 'Kebab they served was the worst experience. Biryani is ok for the price.', 'Worth the money. Quick service for non veg items.'], 'ChIJ27HGgKMWrjsRIv1bXXQGMME': ['Nagarjuna is probably one of the best places to go for Andhra Meals in Bangalore. Service and food are good. Lunch time can get a little crowded and one might have to wait a little before getting a table even though there are two floors.\nValet parking is available for cars and there is ample parking space for two wheelers.', 'Typical Andhra restaurant. Spicy food. Getting a table here on weekends would be a challenge. The Andhra meals here are great. The prices are reasonable. Would suggest you to have the meals if you want to try a typical South Indian meal.', "The food was very nice and the starters were all wonderful. I suppose the veg thali wasn't absolutely mind-blowing, thus the four stars. But a lovely experience.", 'Good Andhra food is available.\n\nThe place is clean and well maintained. We ordered a meal and all the items are cooked in a tasty way. Generally no advanced reservations are required to dine at this place. \n\nThere is no live music at this place.', 'Authentic South Indian food. Their fish items are great. Food quantities are very very good. Only flip side is they crowded most of the times.'], 'ChIJVVVV0ZA9rjsRz4pqp672Fwo': ["This place is the MOTHER of desi Chinese grub. The pork is amazing, the tom yum soup will make your eyes water and the special fried rice is to die for. Pricing: couldn't be cheaper. Ambience: what do u expect? (Not too bad). Full points. Weekly ritual now", "Great place for cheap, tasty, unpretentious Chinese food. It's rather poorly lit, and probably hasn't had a renovation since the early '90s, but don't let that put you off. It's comfortable, homely, the food is good, and the hosts are warm and friendly.", 'One of the oldest Chinese places in Bangalore. Very budget friendly quaint place that exudes the old world charm. The food is tasty. The best noodles we have tasted so far. The staff is fast and friendly. It can get really crowded on the weekends. Good for takeaway too.', 'Beautiful place and decent budget hotel. A good amount of varities are available', "Always great food - standard. Chinese food in India is different from the same in China. Especially if you have ever visited Tangra region in Kolkata, you will know what I mean. The owner of Wanely, is basically from the same area and you get the same taste here. It's like a mini Kolkata. Also, the owner is a very interesting person - not much interested in business expansion - just happy with what is happening there."], 'ChIJwTjQW0EUrjsRIRf9d3YjyK4': ['Good ambience and polite staff. Service is quick and the staff takes times to answer all queries regarding the menu. Above all, the food is brilliant. Great place to visit with family and friends. The place is kid friendly as well.', 'Good ambience and very well spoken staff from the north east India. I had grilled salmon and mashed potato with a white sauce made of cream and spinach. The dish was really nice. The feedback I got from others about the food they had (they had lamb and pork) was equally good. Veg food had good starter options but not sure about the main course. Overall a very good place for dinner or lunch for a family or a couple especially if you u enjoy good non-veg food. ', 'Comfortable and cozy place. Staff is very polite and friendly. Always love the food they serve. Complimentary warm bread and tasty butter. All dishes we ordered were delicious.', 'Everything is delicious, the food and wines are delicious and worth every rupee. You pay for quality and quantity at Chianti (Ki-an-tee). The ambience is pleasant and the service excellent.', 'Just amazing authentic Italian food. Haven’t had such good Italian food in a very long time. Every dish we called for was delicious. The minestrone soup is extremely fresh and nice'], 'ChIJu8Iyqf0UrjsRyYCy8dMbBM0': ['Very tasty and good food. Service was also alright. The ambience could be  improved but even though it has very less space, it still makes up for it', 'Awesome and tasty starters. Specially chicken Tikka and mutton seek kebabs. Service is also great. Keep up the good work.', 'Nice Infrastructure  around well we can do lots of party but food quality is little bad but ok price list also good', "One who want to try arabian dishes must visit here and dont forgot to check today's spl menu inside the restuarnt if you are a sweet lover try matka firni", 'Good for non veg but not for veggie people'], 'ChIJdYNYWs1qrjsRNVaozqTgWow': ["Not worth it at all. Almost like home food. The quality isn't that brilliant. Might be healthy that's all. But otherwise lacks everything. Not many options either. But perhaps their cuisine doesn't have much to offer either. The food at many times feels bland.", "Tuesday lunch and dinner is not much good depending on the price they will make the food variety and taste. management is not good. Please don't go on Tuesdays.", 'One of the best place to dine with family...  Good food and service too...', 'Went on Tuesday, thali is just 250 rs, its worth it. If you are a Dal baati churma fan you must visit, apart from that other stuffs are just ok ok. Nothing that great.\nService 5/5\nFood 4/5\nAmbience 4/5\nValue for money 4/5', 'Visited first time but awesome experience with traditional food like daal baati churma had first time...food is very delicious. Must visit atleast once..i will be coming soon Rajdhani!'], 'ChIJUUSLnpI9rjsRGQuAAkCJSdY': ["Terrible service. Never take any food as take away, especially non-veg... Only rice was packed with bones...\nBought 3 mutton biryani as takeaway, all we had was bone and no flesh. Doesn't deserve to be a 5 star restaurant. \n\nPLEASE DONT GO TO THIS PLACE, ITS VERY SELFISH OF THEM.", 'Tasty spicy authentic Andhra cuisine. Good for veg and non veg lovers. Alcohol service available in family dining as well as non alcoholic separate family dining available. Also bar on top serves extended drinks menu', 'Took 2 veg Andhra meals very poor quality and taste, price is very high paid 378 for 2.', 'Quality is good but quantity is very less. Even interior also not good. They have to maintain it properly.', 'Its one of my favorite night dinner had with available veg and nonvej food then north Indian food also available they give good table service on time then having good parking with very near to west of cord road near rajajinagar Bangalore'], 'ChIJn2icKU4UrjsR04FZVwZ9E0I': ["Such a poor quality. They must know double the spice doesn't make the food tasty. They just ruined their brand name in no time with their poor quality.", "This is assumed to be one of the best Andra restaurant. Unfortunately it's not.!!\n\nAmbience is not good. Seating looks bit conjusted.\nService is moderate. Food quality, I think all taste masked by spice. So nobody feel the actual taste!! If u still feel,  can recognise there s nothing in it.", 'Extreme spicy. Careful while testing heavy food. Suffered from stomach problems for a day.. food was good and cost is normal for multicuisine restaurant..', "They named it as a Rayalaseema Restaurant but that doesn't mean that food has to be so spicy that you will be even afraid to taste it.If they reduce the spice a bit then it may improve in serving and attracting meat Lovers.", 'Great food. Ambience is average but there Biriyanis are really good. N they also have some really good dishes like bamboo chicken, Gongura chicken curry... Must try at least once but... The food is spicy as with most Rayalaseema cuisine.. So just a heads up. But worth a go'], 'ChIJ4Z-d36UTrjsR9IMvMQs2mps': ["Veg food ok.. \nDon't try fish here.. it sucks\nDon't buy fish if it's displayed as today's special . It's old fish which they couldn't sell in that week.\nChicken dishes were moderate.\nNothing fancy about this place , but still they charge you more.\nNo A/c, only water fans to make cool atmosphere.\n Recommended to try only veg food", 'Always crowded..but food is really nice.. Simple Rice, Dal and Roti can satisfy your hunger and make your soul happy here.\nService can be improved.', 'I went there with my crew for shooting a short film.... The place is very specious... But the best part is courtesy if the staff and manager... I was already touched by the hospitality and then later arrived the food... Yummy and good looking.... Keep it up.. I will recommend.', 'Good place for north Indian food. The cooks here at from north itself mainly Bengali. Situated opp to Sakra hospital. Seating is normal and no AC having parking for 3-4 cars', 'Very tasty food. Service is slow. Less parking space. Nearby Sakara Hospital belandur.'], 'ChIJrfy8a3UTrjsRtRMAW7HIIGU': ['Roof top restaurant. Food is primarily chinese. We had buffet. It was ok, but not extraordinary. Ambience is good. Very good location too.', 'Decor looks dated but food is good as always', "Some of the best South East Asian food I've had in Bengaluru", 'Casual place.. good locality', 'Excellent food. Very helpful team'], 'ChIJu0U903wVrjsR3UOo43ZsPGs': ["Food is good few items are really tasty. But avoid on  Sundays as it's really crowded. There's always waiting on Sunday. If you can wait for 20-30 mins then it's fine. Service is average not too fast not very slow. Overall it's a very nice upscale place in layout, MUST VISIT.", 'We tried a few non vegetarian items and loved it. Chicken Lollipops, Fried Chicken and Chicken Biryani, everything was really good. In fact their fried chicken is better than that of KFC 😛 Biryani was spicy and really tasty. Their service was quick and prices were reasonable. Good place to take your family to.', 'Nice place to eat. But service is slow. Food is not very tasty.', 'Best restaurant in Kumaraswamy layout \nMouth watering Prawns, Arabic and Chinese\n\nGood crowd to watch around!\nOwners are quite friendly', 'Food is good and so is place. Service is a bit slow else everything is fine'], 'ChIJB46vR9UVrjsRCU3RNOIohBI': ["One of the best ITC Hotels in India with simply superb experience in every sphere, great service, very convenient location, excellent facilities, good restaurants catering to every one's taste buds and above all that feeling that you are an esteemed guest whom every staff in the hotel is out to please", 'Great place ... Beautiful location in bangalore', 'Great selection of eateries... Fulfill every food craving possible.', 'Super', ''], 'ChIJZTWNowoTrjsRQTy7JDaOg2Y': ['Nice restaurant with an agreeable atmosphere. Familiar for hot spicy food menus. I have tried many items on the menu and all were excellent. Thumbs up to the team.  Would be great if they improve parking lots foe both two and four wheelers', 'Known for its spicy Andhra food, Kritunga has been serving in Marathahalli for a long time. \n\nParking : They do have an empty ground next to the building which can be used for parking\n\nMenu : They have good varieties especially in non vegetarian category\n\nService : Thanks to their huge crew, service has always been quick\n\nCost : Neither too expensive nor too cheap. Worthy for quantity and taste.\n\nAmbience : Looks packed. Simple and decent interiors.', "Boneless biryani is very nice.. but don't go on Sundays if you don't like crowded places. Lot of rush was there but they managed really well", 'We have to wait for minimum half an hour to get Dinning Seats. Then we have to wait for the food. Choose this restaurant only when you have patience', 'Go ahead, if your tongue is craving for something very spicy...the ambiance is ok..the taste of food( I have only tried non veg there) is really great..'], 'ChIJOTfmuhUVrjsR0YsPD7vWE7A': ['Fine dine and osome food specially kabab and biryano', 'I will never order biriyani again.. Therw was no taste.  Qulity qnd quntity both not good..', 'Pros:Kolkata katti rolls are good.\nCons: Slow service\nPricey', 'Excellent meats. Slow service and a small place. But taste of food is amazing', 'Good north Indian food... And tasty dum biriyani']}
