{'ChIJwTjQW0EUrjsRIRf9d3YjyK4': ['Good ambience and polite staff. Service is quick and the staff takes times to answer all queries regarding the menu. Above all, the food is brilliant. Great place to visit with family and friends. The place is kid friendly as well.', 'Good ambience and very well spoken staff from the north east India. I had grilled salmon and mashed potato with a white sauce made of cream and spinach. The dish was really nice. The feedback I got from others about the food they had (they had lamb and pork) was equally good. Veg food had good starter options but not sure about the main course. Overall a very good place for dinner or lunch for a family or a couple especially if you u enjoy good non-veg food. ', 'Comfortable and cozy place. Staff is very polite and friendly. Always love the food they serve. Complimentary warm bread and tasty butter. All dishes we ordered were delicious.', 'Everything is delicious, the food and wines are delicious and worth every rupee. You pay for quality and quantity at Chianti (Ki-an-tee). The ambience is pleasant and the service excellent.', 'Just amazing authentic Italian food. Haven’t had such good Italian food in a very long time. Every dish we called for was delicious. The minestrone soup is extremely fresh and nice'], 'ChIJqf_AHGEUrjsRjh-GjPdSQR8': ['For nonveg it may be good but veg not many options.\nAmbience is not clean. Only price is right', 'I just love the place. The price is moderate here serves bengali style Biryani. Food is tasty. However the ambience is not posh. This place is to enjoy the food not the ambience.', 'Two things you go to Lazeez for...\n\nThe Biriyani (mutton/goat) and the rolls(double egg, double chicken). The Biriyani might not look as flavourful as other South Indian but this Calcutta/Lucknowi version is aromatic and rich. \nThe ultimate Calcutta style street rolls, shallow fried in ghee, the double-double version is the way to go. \nNever went there for the decor (or the lack of) as focusing on the food is the best way to enjoy Lazeez.', 'The services are usually very bad. If you will see how they prepare food, you will never think of going to that place at Koramangala 1st Block in you entire life. The behaviour of the cashiers are rude, arrogant. I am not getting negative rating or else I would have given - 100 to this restaurant. Let ur cashiers know how to deal with customer.', 'The 5 stars is all about the great food you get here! This is THE place for Kolkata mughlai delicacies'], 'ChIJuU0I-xg-rjsRQyYe_4sovMs': ['Super refreshmet and nice time to have fun', 'U get what u like', 'Filthy smell,no cleanliness ', 'This bar is in residencial area.', 'No comments'], 'ChIJUXzjTCY9rjsRdg0omN2vc0w': ['Good North Indian & Chinese food in budget.', 'Awesome food taste. Worth it. ', '', ''], 'ChIJBQcfvXgWrjsRDGUu4f3v6qI': ["Excellent. Awesome food. If you are in Bangalore please visit the restaurant and take the lunch. The food quality is just awesome. Veg and non veg both available. Liquor not allowed. It's a family restaurant and 33 years old.", "Went there for lunch. The quality of the food was very good. Table was not very clean it was ok. The staffs there were very polite as we took time to order the food and they were about to close. Biryani is a must try here... Only bad thing is the parking. Only couple of cars can park here and it's very hard to find parking nearby.", 'Usually crowded. Reservations are recommended during weekends and peak hours.\nSouth Indian cuisine (Andhra)\nSpicy food\nModerate to High priced\nOverall good', 'Meals are pretty ordinary. Further no value for money. Most of the time the place is crowded during lunch not because the food is good but due to limited alternatives in the locality.', 'Delicious food, do try the mutton biryani. The veg thali looks tempting as well. Very pocket friendly, fast service. No frills restaurant serving delicious food.'], 'ChIJx6Bq5k0UrjsRorljvliMrgw': ["My friend recommended this place to me, and boy, I can't thank him enough for it. I generally love Tibetan food, I find the food that is served here a lot more authentic than the other Tibetan joints right next to it. I used to be a regular at Tibetan Mothers Kitchen (which is a great place too), but I have moved to this place now.\n\nThe staff is extremely hospitable and cater to your needs with a lot of warmth. The only gripe I have about the place is how small it is, and it can be somewhat difficult to locate, as it's in the basement. However, the decor of the place gives you a very welcoming and homely vibe. Do visit this place if you love Tibetan food.", 'I went with my wife and child one evening. There were suspiciously drunk men standing and smoking around. The restaurant smelt like urine with hardly any ventilation options. The food too was mediocre at best with the chef adding tonnes of mono sodium glutamate to hide his own inadequate cooking and pallate.\nOverall a horrible experience.', "Good Tibetan food which will not make your wallet lighter. Tibetan food items like tingmo, thukpa are what you can try out new. Serves both veg and non veg. Restaurant doesn't have much seating capacity, visit if in a group not more than 4 to be seated together.", 'The best Chinese food I had eaten ,Lot better than mainland China. The price will not make hole in your pocket. Must try place at least once.', 'If you need Authentic Tibetan food in Bangalore, you should come here. Tastes yummy. My all time favorite! '], 'ChIJXWzJCU4UrjsR2O6XSF-0lFo': ['Love the fully served, all - course meal! The hospitality of the staff is commendable as they will not let you finish while you might still be hungry! The taste of the food is a healthy mix of Rajasthan & Gujarat! ', 'Food is awesome as always. I go here for their famous daal baati. My favourite! ', 'Visited place on a Tuesday. Had great meal for 249... Hot n tasty... Good service... Heaven for vegetarian...', "I was just OK with the food !! Didn't experience dat delightness as experience in other rajdhani's", 'Food was ok ok types. Sweet dish was extremely good. Food items sequence was not proper. But it was Tuesday with heavy rush so you can expect the same on such busy day'], 'ChIJbQCAp0MUrjsRjTmLPORnr2Q': ["Great rooftop but service and menu don't match up to it - We had reserved this place for a Friday evening team dinner. The roof top ambience was really amazing. We reached around 7pm the manager led us to the table that was reserved for us. We waited quite a while for them to serve the starters and the welcome drink. All of us were surprised at the service speed, it took ages for them to serve the dishes. Now coming to the variety it was very minimalist with 3 Veg and 3 Non-Veg starters. The main course spread was also limited. It was a big disappointment not worth the money.", 'Service was not good. Less main course.\nAmbience and place was good.', "We had great service and at 1/4 the price, this would be a 5 star review. However, the degustation menu was well in excess of €200 each and at this price and our first visit to a Michelin 3 star we expected more.\n\nGood - service was excellent, breads were superb, very nice ambiance, plating and presentation are 1st class, cheese selection was outstanding, desserts were pretty good\n\nBad - price, many dishes had underdeveloped flavors, fairly boring ingredients (asparagus, beef sirloin, etc.)\n\nAll in all it's a good meal with first class service. But we expected a Michelin 3 star to be more than a good meal. For us, it wasn't our best meal of the day and as far as haute French Dining go, we prefer the French Room in Dallas.\xa0", 'Great place to chill', 'Good'], 'ChIJXcEAtpUXrjsRI6GFEAcfC5I': ['Great place for sea food,  especially the mangalore an variety.  The ambience is acceptable.  The waiters are friendly and service is good. They do not have parking space but have a valet who will Park your car in the alley behind. The food is a touch bit heavy on the pocket but the taste is worth the price. The place is not too crowded. More often than not,  you will find a place and reservation is not a must. Desserts are good and should not be missed.', 'Value for money. Good spread of deserts. They had only chicken starter, gravy they had mutton and fish. The fish curry was smelling. Except for the he above rest of the things tasted good and ambience too.', 'Ambience - 9/10\nFood-9/10\nService-9/10\nFood is great,nice place for family time.', "I have tasted only veg. It's too good. Nice ambience. Staff is also cooperative.", "Good buffet. Tastes good. Except soup and veg rice everything tastes good 😊. Don't forget to try chocolate mooze ☺️"], 'ChIJx2uR-8MXrjsR4-E5MnueED0': ["Delicious food at reasonable price. Have good service. But not much cleanliness so have given 4 starts. Haa, wash room is pathetic. Paneer garlic awesome taste. Road side hotel so can't expect parking facilities. It's not a cozy place.", 'Tasty and yummy food.. but hotel not maintained well.. sitting chairs have become rusted.. 😬', "It's was great restaurant and lovely food I recommend to all please visit new durbar restaurants", 'Decent place with decent price. Near Sanjay nagar area on of the decent place. Food quality and quantity is good enough. Chicken toll is good over here.', 'Just ok. Too spicy. Decent quality food. Decent price. 💰👌'], 'ChIJG4sbcqcXrjsRhKO-9X6xWWY': ['Good food, reasonable rate. You will get good food which is having north India taste. It is a pure veg restaurant so dont expect chicken or mutton here. The Thali here is good for lunch and their Aloo paratha is quite tasty. Overall a good place if you want good vegetarian food in low price. The ambience is not so great. It is more of a casual place to eat cheap and tasty vegetarian food.', 'Good simple north indian foods..cheap n tastes great. Although every paneer dish will taste similar but they have variety of rice item.their Roti will remind of north indian food. Dine optn is not so great becz they have very small area. But u can order  and njoy their delicious food at ur home', "It's a good place for take aways, though food is not all that great but ok for one off cases", 'Ambience was is not too good, but the food is really good here at an affordable rate. The chole bhature and paneer items are great. Try the Hyderabadi and Peshawari paneer. Over all great place on budget.', "Small and cosy. Vegetarians' delight."], 'ChIJuyWpr08UrjsR_tRuYPv6st4': ['Amazing place, a vegans paradise!!! You get a huge spread of  dishes, all cruelty free! They make their own bread, Chocolate sauce etc as well.\nLoved their banana-peanut milk shake and chocolate brownie.\nThere is a parking space opposite side of the road.', 'Amazing place...  Very passionate people...  Good food....  Must visit in bangalore. You will definitely enjoy the food and the place.', '"Overall it\'s a great experience and good place to try Vegan food."\n"Variety of items in menu, good staff."\n"Fun casual ambiance run by really lovely people who enjoy food."', 'It is a pure vegetarian center. The menu is very stylish with dishes that I had never heard before. Other a couple of stuffs with a lot of curiosity to take a bite. \nBut, ahhh... not so great when it comes to taste.', 'Amazing taste.  Never thought pure vegan will taste so good'], 'ChIJpUnx0W0XrjsRsmUydmU_1Mo': ['Good Andhra meal restaurant located outside of Manyatha which comes under budget price. Unlimited meals with Dal, sambar, rasam and a sweet is a good option for heavy lunch. \nOverall, a good place for lunch or dinner whenever change is needed.', 'Great Value for Money, Good for Andhra Food lovers,great service and decent ambience.', 'Just loved enjoying their balle yelle ( banana leaf ) full meals with just a price tag of 90rs .', 'Meals it is good and tasty. Veg and egg biryani is just ok.', 'Andhra meal is good if you like andhra meals. Price wise its good but need to take care about hygiene.'], 'ChIJL-jNCKIVrjsRE52XlpqZ3WQ': ["Staff is courteous , fish curry was well made , the fish curry meals come with fish fry as well, good value. It's not crowded like the usual places around jayanagar so it's good. Parking is a problem, you may want to look for a place a bit further away from here.", 'Nice place, good food with reasonable rates.', 'Very good staff. Crispy chicken fry was too yummy 😋😋😋. Very nice ambience 😊.', 'Ugadhi restaurant is renamed as Fishland. A very good andhra restaurant. We ate fish chicken and biryani. Everything tasted good. Comfortable place for andhra food lovers.', 'Very good restaurant for andhra food..For its Biryani!! worth visiting.'], 'ChIJZ8zWQU4UrjsRGes1BEsSP7c': ['An average place to eat Manipuri cuisine. Taste and ambience can be improved to a great extent.', 'One of the few authentic Manipuri restauranta. Parking is difficult. And ambience is ok', 'Nice homely food far from home.....', ' Manipur food. Finally found one good place to eat north east food. ', 'Lovely Manipuri dishes available, tons of varieties available... Items in both veg and non veg '], 'ChIJkz_qipwXrjsRvatmjnEo7dk': ["There was no one to take the order at the counter. I had to wait. Thought to step out, but as it was a floating restaurant, I thought of giving it a try. The food was overpriced. Customer service doesn't deserve rating.", 'Not a good place. No value to money', 'PLEASE VISIT IF YOU WISH TO SPOIL YOUR DAY ...', 'Avg food..not so great', ''], 'ChIJE_QJ-wsVrjsRUEQcgPPuTfU': ['I am a regular customer of this Restaurant since it used to operate near Central Mall and later shifted to this place and it has never let me down so far.\n\nDecent ambiance with great cheerful service people who will never push you hard to sell certain dishes. You can opt for spice level you want to add to your food and be certain your request will be taken care. The food taste and quantity is great compared to price offered.\n\nThe only issue I personally faced with this restaurant is not having clean and hygienic rest room.\n\nOverall one of Bangalore’s best place to have some authentic Chinese dishes at reasonable price and great taste.', 'This place has average food quality to offer on reasonable price. 2 can have their meals for 600. I rate it four for value for money. They have above average ambience, good number of staff but looks like untrained as they will be missing even basic discipline or approach towards customers.', 'This is my second visit to this place and liked the food. Ambiance is decent. Food I tried both veg and non veg and it was tasty. Tried triple schezwan taste was good but it was not at all an authentic one nor the Indian version also. Rest everything was good.', 'Food quality, quanty and taste is good. Service is prompt. Ambiance is perfect to dine with family. The place is fairly clean. The only shortfall is the washroom is not attached.', 'Food was good. Ambience was not bad. Service timing also decent. Overall good experience and can be considered to revisit too.'], 'ChIJB46vR9UVrjsRCU3RNOIohBI': ["One of the best ITC Hotels in India with simply superb experience in every sphere, great service, very convenient location, excellent facilities, good restaurants catering to every one's taste buds and above all that feeling that you are an esteemed guest whom every staff in the hotel is out to please", 'Great place ... Beautiful location in bangalore', 'Great selection of eateries... Fulfill every food craving possible.', 'Super', ''], 'ChIJfdOHVAQVrjsRDk2UpeyZFWw': ['Nice food ń ambience. Good people around you..  Happy evening to spend good weekend time.   Liking it', 'Service : slow and staggered (can be improved) for a la carte\nFood : flavors are pretty good with variety of dips at dispense\nServing size : I will give 4.5/5 generous portions of main course\nAmbience : retro wallpapers with incandescent shade of lighting.\nPricing : 5/5 one of the best places to hangout for dinner and have a drink.\nP. S THEIR BUFFET SPREAD ALSO VERY GOOD!', 'The quality of food and service is good at there’s price. You can the price and menu in the photo attached. It’s a good place to team lunch and dinner. Before/after having food you have few places to entertain within the Gopalan mall.', 'Quite good place for good starters and drinks. The place is quite same a BBQ Nation/ Absolute BBQ , the only difference is you get the cooked food right then and there serving hot. Ambiance is quite serene and low lighting gives a calming effect to enjoy the dinner night.', 'Food is decent. Service is TERRIBLE. We were a group of 50 people. The seating provided by them was not sufficient. When we asked for an extra table to seat four, they started arguing with us saying they would have to send people back. They allocated only two waiters to serve 50 of us so you can imagine how long that took. As soon as another large group came, miraculously more waiters appeared and speed of service picked up. This time it was extreme, they wanted us to leave the hotel as soon as possible.'], 'ChIJyaB4ONUVrjsRsEy6U3qixyA': ['While not exactly a sports bar, a bar-ish kind of set up with a projector for showing live sports events. Food is great as is service and price over here, unlike other restaurants in this hotel is not that high', 'Very good choice of food!!!\nVery tastie n very well served!!!\nNo television or any screening though...', 'Outstanding service and food', '', '']}
