['Nice and quit ambience, food is good but little too much rich in the creamyness.']
Nice and quit ambience, food is good but little too much rich in the creamyness.
['Good one, but expected more.', 'Food is good, but considering cost, it is average.', 'Service is fast.']
Good one, but expected more.
Food is good, but considering cost, it is average.
Service is fast.
['Good ambience but very average tasting food.']
Good ambience but very average tasting food.
[]
[]
['Worst experience.', 'Went there for lunch.', '.', 'Nothing on the menu was available.', 'Calls themselves coastal cuisines and they dint have a single fish to serve.']
Worst experience.
Went there for lunch.
Nothing on the menu was available.
Calls themselves coastal cuisines and they dint have a single fish to serve.
['Excellent food.', '.', 'well mannered and hospitable staff.', '.', 'they could improve the ambience.', 'Would have given 3 but for the food.', '.', 'yumm!', '!', '!']
Excellent food.
well mannered and hospitable staff.
they could improve the ambience.
Would have given 3 but for the food.
yumm!
['This food joint has a good ambience.', 'The food quality is excellent, the flavors are well balanced and the preparation is perfect.', 'The service is one of the best, very polite and humble staff.', 'Menu has a good variety to choose from Chinese and Tandoori cuisine.']
This food joint has a good ambience.
The food quality is excellent, the flavors are well balanced and the preparation is perfect.
The service is one of the best, very polite and humble staff.
Menu has a good variety to choose from Chinese and Tandoori cuisine.
['tandoori mushroom and paneer tikka excellent.', 'best service and worth for the price.']
tandoori mushroom and paneer tikka excellent.
best service and worth for the price.
['best place to have Dum biryani in this locality that too charcoal biryani and Fusion Tangri biryani has an amazing flavor.']
best place to have Dum biryani in this locality that too charcoal biryani and Fusion Tangri biryani has an amazing flavor.
['Good Andhra meal restaurant located outside of Manyatha which comes under budget price.', 'Unlimited meals with Dal, sambar, rasam and a sweet is a good option for heavy lunch.', 'Overall, a good place for lunch or dinner whenever change is needed.']
Good Andhra meal restaurant located outside of Manyatha which comes under budget price.
Unlimited meals with Dal, sambar, rasam and a sweet is a good option for heavy lunch.
Overall, a good place for lunch or dinner whenever change is needed.
['Great Value for Money, Good for Andhra Food lovers,great service and decent ambience.']
Great Value for Money, Good for Andhra Food lovers,great service and decent ambience.
['Just loved enjoying their balle yelle ( banana leaf ) full meals with just a price tag of 90rs .']
Just loved enjoying their balle yelle ( banana leaf ) full meals with just a price tag of 90rs .
['Meals it is good and tasty.', 'Veg and egg biryani is just ok.']
Meals it is good and tasty.
Veg and egg biryani is just ok.
['Andhra meal is good if you like andhra meals.', 'Price wise its good but need to take care about hygiene.']
Andhra meal is good if you like andhra meals.
Price wise its good but need to take care about hygiene.
['This place is the MOTHER of desi Chinese grub.', 'The pork is amazing, the tom yum soup will make your eyes water and the special fried rice is to die for.', "Pricing: couldn't be cheaper.", 'Ambience: what do u expect?', '(Not too bad).', 'Full points.']
This place is the MOTHER of desi Chinese grub.
The pork is amazing, the tom yum soup will make your eyes water and the special fried rice is to die for.
Pricing: couldn't be cheaper.
Ambience: what do u expect?
(Not too bad).
Full points.
['Great place for cheap, tasty, unpretentious Chinese food.', "It's rather poorly lit, and probably hasn't had a renovation since the early '90s, but don't let that put you off.", "It's comfortable, homely, the food is good, and the hosts are warm and friendly."]
Great place for cheap, tasty, unpretentious Chinese food.
It's rather poorly lit, and probably hasn't had a renovation since the early '90s, but don't let that put you off.
It's comfortable, homely, the food is good, and the hosts are warm and friendly.
['One of the oldest Chinese places in Bangalore.', 'Very budget friendly quaint place that exudes the old world charm.', 'The food is tasty.', 'The best noodles we have tasted so far.', 'The staff is fast and friendly.', 'It can get really crowded on the weekends.', 'Good for takeaway too.']
One of the oldest Chinese places in Bangalore.
Very budget friendly quaint place that exudes the old world charm.
The food is tasty.
The best noodles we have tasted so far.
The staff is fast and friendly.
It can get really crowded on the weekends.
Good for takeaway too.
['Beautiful place and decent budget hotel.']
Beautiful place and decent budget hotel.
['Always great food - standard.', 'Chinese food in India is different from the same in China.', 'Especially if you have ever visited Tangra region in Kolkata, you will know what I mean.', 'The owner of Wanely, is basically from the same area and you get the same taste here.', "It's like a mini Kolkata.", 'Also, the owner is a very interesting person - not much interested in business expansion - just happy with what is happening there.']
Always great food - standard.
Chinese food in India is different from the same in China.
Especially if you have ever visited Tangra region in Kolkata, you will know what I mean.
The owner of Wanely, is basically from the same area and you get the same taste here.
It's like a mini Kolkata.
Also, the owner is a very interesting person - not much interested in business expansion - just happy with what is happening there.
['Food is nice and cheap.', 'No parking facility.', 'Very congested.', 'You can enjoy only if you are a foodie ☺️.']
Food is nice and cheap.
No parking facility.
Very congested.
You can enjoy only if you are a foodie ☺️.
['Best place to spend time for the people who love keralian cuisine and also for chai lovers.', 'Evokes nostalgia.', 'The is so refreshing u forget the stress if the day.', 'Must have tea every day place.']
Best place to spend time for the people who love keralian cuisine and also for chai lovers.
Evokes nostalgia.
The is so refreshing u forget the stress if the day.
Must have tea every day place.
['Drop by, if u want to savor popular and traditional evening snacks from Kerala.', 'It is a popular pit-stop for techies before heading off to work in the ITPL area.', 'Best time to visit here would be from 3 PM to 5 PM to avail "freshly made" snacks.']
Drop by, if u want to savor popular and traditional evening snacks from Kerala.
It is a popular pit-stop for techies before heading off to work in the ITPL area.
Best time to visit here would be from 3 PM to 5 PM to avail "freshly made" snacks.
['South Indian restaurant with good food tastes and has decent amount of non veg varieties.', '.', '.', 'Try for some good Kerala style food as well.', '.', '.', 'Near marathahalli junction and bridge.', '.', '.', 'Price range is bit high.', '.']
South Indian restaurant with good food tastes and has decent amount of non veg varieties.
Try for some good Kerala style food as well.
Near marathahalli junction and bridge.
Price range is bit high.
['Nice place.', 'A good option to taste some Northern Kerala food.', 'Feels like home.']
Nice place.
A good option to taste some Northern Kerala food.
Feels like home.
['For nonveg it may be good but veg not many options.', 'Ambience is not clean.']
For nonveg it may be good but veg not many options.
Ambience is not clean.
['I just love the place.', 'The price is moderate here serves bengali style Biryani.', 'Food is tasty.', 'However the ambience is not posh.', 'This place is to enjoy the food not the ambience.']
I just love the place.
The price is moderate here serves bengali style Biryani.
Food is tasty.
However the ambience is not posh.
This place is to enjoy the food not the ambience.
['Two things you go to Lazeez for.', '.', '.', 'The Biriyani (mutton/goat) and the rolls(double egg, double chicken).', 'The Biriyani might not look as flavourful as other South Indian but this Calcutta/Lucknowi version is aromatic and rich.', 'The ultimate Calcutta style street rolls, shallow fried in ghee, the double-double version is the way to go.', 'Never went there for the decor (or the lack of) as focusing on the food is the best way to enjoy Lazeez.']
Two things you go to Lazeez for.
The Biriyani (mutton/goat) and the rolls(double egg, double chicken).
The Biriyani might not look as flavourful as other South Indian but this Calcutta/Lucknowi version is aromatic and rich.
The ultimate Calcutta style street rolls, shallow fried in ghee, the double-double version is the way to go.
Never went there for the decor (or the lack of) as focusing on the food is the best way to enjoy Lazeez.
['The services are usually very bad.', 'If you will see how they prepare food, you will never think of going to that place at Koramangala 1st Block in you entire life.', 'The behaviour of the cashiers are rude, arrogant.', 'I am not getting negative rating or else I would have given - 100 to this restaurant.', 'Let ur cashiers know how to deal with customer.']
The services are usually very bad.
If you will see how they prepare food, you will never think of going to that place at Koramangala 1st Block in you entire life.
The behaviour of the cashiers are rude, arrogant.
I am not getting negative rating or else I would have given - 100 to this restaurant.
Let ur cashiers know how to deal with customer.
['The 5 stars is all about the great food you get here!']
The 5 stars is all about the great food you get here!
['Good North Indian & Chinese food in budget.']
Good North Indian & Chinese food in budget.
['Awesome food taste.', 'Worth it.']
Awesome food taste.
Worth it.
[]
[]
['Wonderful experience here!', 'The server was prompt and friendly.', 'The food was very good and we had a impressive experience with the ice cream here.', 'The food is great as usual.', "But sometimes the staff offer some of the dishes saying it's custom made for you.", '.', 'But in fact its supposed to be on the regular menu and they say the same to all the customers.', 'May be they apply this tactic just to make customers more happy.', 'Deserts are not great.', 'Most of the items ll be same cakes with different colors.']
Wonderful experience here!
The server was prompt and friendly.
The food was very good and we had a impressive experience with the ice cream here.
The food is great as usual.
But sometimes the staff offer some of the dishes saying it's custom made for you.
But in fact its supposed to be on the regular menu and they say the same to all the customers.
May be they apply this tactic just to make customers more happy.
Deserts are not great.
Most of the items ll be same cakes with different colors.
['A nice place to have buffet.', 'Price is very affordable.', 'Service is prompt.', 'Food spread is decent as per the price range.', 'Ambiance is nice too.', 'Spacious compared to other buffets around.', 'Recommend for pure vegetarian food.']
A nice place to have buffet.
Price is very affordable.
Service is prompt.
Food spread is decent as per the price range.
Ambiance is nice too.
Spacious compared to other buffets around.
Recommend for pure vegetarian food.
['Budget friendly pure vegetarian restaurant with a variety of food items, consisting of chats, desserts, main course,etc.', 'Plus point is that they are freshly cooked.', 'Very decent and responsive waiters.', 'A good place for family gatherings.', 'Liked it very much.']
Budget friendly pure vegetarian restaurant with a variety of food items, consisting of chats, desserts, main course,etc.
Plus point is that they are freshly cooked.
Very decent and responsive waiters.
A good place for family gatherings.
Liked it very much.
['Mandi is a very good vegetarian restaurant.', 'The buffet lunch during the weekdays is a great value for money.', 'They serve very tasty food!', 'Starters and dessert options are to good.', 'Staff is also courteous.', 'There is not enough parking space.', 'Before going there check for offers in apps like nearbuy, that makes your pocket happy.', '.', '.']
Mandi is a very good vegetarian restaurant.
The buffet lunch during the weekdays is a great value for money.
They serve very tasty food!
Starters and dessert options are to good.
Staff is also courteous.
There is not enough parking space.
Before going there check for offers in apps like nearbuy, that makes your pocket happy.
['Really good food.', 'But they are not very consistent.', 'Food was better the last time I had been.', 'The service is amazing.', 'Very obliging staff.', 'Huge menu.']
Really good food.
But they are not very consistent.
Food was better the last time I had been.
The service is amazing.
Very obliging staff.
Huge menu.
['Used rooms for 3 days which is value for money, Restaurant is known for Pork and Chinese dishes.']
Used rooms for 3 days which is value for money, Restaurant is known for Pork and Chinese dishes.
['Lovely old world place serving mostly Mangalorean cuisine.', 'Great service.', 'Very very good food.']
Lovely old world place serving mostly Mangalorean cuisine.
Great service.
Very very good food.
['Good place for Mangalorean food.']
Good place for Mangalorean food.
["Tom's never fails to disappoint, their food is absolutely off the charts."]
Tom's never fails to disappoint, their food is absolutely off the charts.
['Amazing experience- Awesome staff and awesome food.']
Amazing experience- Awesome staff and awesome food.
['Terrible service.', 'Never take any food as take away, especially non-veg.', '.', '.', 'Only rice was packed with bones.', '.', '.', 'Bought 3 mutton biryani as takeaway, all we had was bone and no flesh.', "Doesn't deserve to be a 5 star restaurant.", 'PLEASE DONT GO TO THIS PLACE, ITS VERY SELFISH OF THEM.']
Terrible service.
Never take any food as take away, especially non-veg.
Only rice was packed with bones.
Bought 3 mutton biryani as takeaway, all we had was bone and no flesh.
Doesn't deserve to be a 5 star restaurant.
PLEASE DONT GO TO THIS PLACE, ITS VERY SELFISH OF THEM.
['Tasty spicy authentic Andhra cuisine.', 'Good for veg and non veg lovers.', 'Alcohol service available in family dining as well as non alcoholic separate family dining available.']
Tasty spicy authentic Andhra cuisine.
Good for veg and non veg lovers.
Alcohol service available in family dining as well as non alcoholic separate family dining available.
['Took 2 veg Andhra meals very poor quality and taste, price is very high paid 378 for 2.']
Took 2 veg Andhra meals very poor quality and taste, price is very high paid 378 for 2.
['Quality is good but quantity is very less.', 'Even interior also not good.', 'They have to maintain it properly.']
Quality is good but quantity is very less.
Even interior also not good.
They have to maintain it properly.
[]
['Such a poor quality.', "They must know double the spice doesn't make the food tasty.", 'They just ruined their brand name in no time with their poor quality.']
Such a poor quality.
They must know double the spice doesn't make the food tasty.
They just ruined their brand name in no time with their poor quality.
['This is assumed to be one of the best Andra restaurant.', "Unfortunately it's not.", '!', '!', 'Ambience is not good.', 'Seating looks bit conjusted.', 'Service is moderate.', 'Food quality, I think all taste masked by spice.', 'So nobody feel the actual taste!', '!', 'If u still feel,  can recognise there s nothing in it.']
This is assumed to be one of the best Andra restaurant.
Unfortunately it's not.
Ambience is not good.
Seating looks bit conjusted.
Service is moderate.
Food quality, I think all taste masked by spice.
So nobody feel the actual taste!
If u still feel,  can recognise there s nothing in it.
['Extreme spicy.', 'Careful while testing heavy food.', 'Suffered from stomach problems for a day.', '.', 'food was good and cost is normal for multicuisine restaurant.', '.']
Extreme spicy.
Careful while testing heavy food.
Suffered from stomach problems for a day.
food was good and cost is normal for multicuisine restaurant.
["They named it as a Rayalaseema Restaurant but that doesn't mean that food has to be so spicy that you will be even afraid to taste it.", 'If they reduce the spice a bit then it may improve in serving and attracting meat Lovers.']
They named it as a Rayalaseema Restaurant but that doesn't mean that food has to be so spicy that you will be even afraid to taste it.
If they reduce the spice a bit then it may improve in serving and attracting meat Lovers.
['Great food.', 'Ambience is average but there Biriyanis are really good.', 'N they also have some really good dishes like bamboo chicken, Gongura chicken curry.', '.', '.', 'Must try at least once but.', '.', '.', 'The food is spicy as with most Rayalaseema cuisine.', '.', 'So just a heads up.']
Great food.
Ambience is average but there Biriyanis are really good.
N they also have some really good dishes like bamboo chicken, Gongura chicken curry.
Must try at least once but.
The food is spicy as with most Rayalaseema cuisine.
So just a heads up.
['Delicious food at reasonable price.', 'Have good service.', 'But not much cleanliness so have given 4 starts.', 'Haa, wash room is pathetic.', 'Paneer garlic awesome taste.', "Road side hotel so can't expect parking facilities.", "It's not a cozy place."]
Delicious food at reasonable price.
Have good service.
But not much cleanliness so have given 4 starts.
Haa, wash room is pathetic.
Paneer garlic awesome taste.
Road side hotel so can't expect parking facilities.
It's not a cozy place.
['Tasty and yummy food.', '.', 'but hotel not maintained well.', '.', 'sitting chairs have become rusted.', '.']
Tasty and yummy food.
but hotel not maintained well.
sitting chairs have become rusted.
[]
['Decent place with decent price.', 'Near Sanjay nagar area on of the decent place.', 'Food quality and quantity is good enough.', 'Chicken toll is good over here.']
Decent place with decent price.
Near Sanjay nagar area on of the decent place.
Food quality and quantity is good enough.
Chicken toll is good over here.
['Just ok.', 'Too spicy.', 'Decent quality food.', 'Decent price.']
Just ok.
Too spicy.
Decent quality food.
Decent price.
['Nice place for Arabic dishes.', 'You will get delicious butter chicken.', 'Service is not ok.', 'Over all you get tasty food.']
Nice place for Arabic dishes.
You will get delicious butter chicken.
Service is not ok.
Over all you get tasty food.
[]
['Good place for dine.', 'North indian foods are available with veg and non veg item.', 'Foods are good in taste as well as in quality.']
Good place for dine.
North indian foods are available with veg and non veg item.
Foods are good in taste as well as in quality.
['Good taste of food.', 'Tried veg biriyani and mushroom masala, both tastes good.', 'Ambience is good.', 'Parking space available.', 'Fruit juice is normal.', 'Management should keep the rest room clean.']
Good taste of food.
Tried veg biriyani and mushroom masala, both tastes good.
Ambience is good.
Parking space available.
Fruit juice is normal.
Management should keep the rest room clean.
['Good hygienic rooms with underground parking and restaurant.', '.', '.', 'good food served and nice room service.', '.', '.']
Good hygienic rooms with underground parking and restaurant.
good food served and nice room service.
['The restaurant looks good from outside & have place to sit also.', "I didn't like the food quality.", "its average and I wouldn't recommend this to anyone except quick bytes and beverage on the go."]
The restaurant looks good from outside & have place to sit also.
I didn't like the food quality.
its average and I wouldn't recommend this to anyone except quick bytes and beverage on the go.
['Ambience: 2 stars Reception: 2 stars Service: 3 stars Helpful staff: 3 stars (nothing special, nope) Toilets: -5 stars (broken swinging door, one commode in a toilet that could easily accommodate one of your legs) Food: 2 stars Value for money: 1 star Music in the place: Nope (noise: intermittently) Trendy Crowd: No Elaborate party plan: BIG NO Romantic Date: BIG NO Quick bite (with a welcome twist): NO, no twist.', 'Straight forward Idli / Wada: Umm.', '.', 'yes, may be (?', ') Great place?', "If you don't even have a teal stall beside.", 'Will visit again: If I find myself around this place so hungry that I can anything, anywhere.', 'Else, I will drive 10kms to find another good place.', 'Get the point?']
Ambience: 2 stars Reception: 2 stars Service: 3 stars Helpful staff: 3 stars (nothing special, nope) Toilets: -5 stars (broken swinging door, one commode in a toilet that could easily accommodate one of your legs) Food: 2 stars Value for money: 1 star Music in the place: Nope (noise: intermittently) Trendy Crowd: No Elaborate party plan: BIG NO Romantic Date: BIG NO Quick bite (with a welcome twist): NO, no twist.
Straight forward Idli / Wada: Umm.
yes, may be (?
) Great place?
If you don't even have a teal stall beside.
Will visit again: If I find myself around this place so hungry that I can anything, anywhere.
Else, I will drive 10kms to find another good place.
Get the point?
['This restaurant is preferable mostly for short eats.', '.', '.', 'prices are reasonable for self service.']
This restaurant is preferable mostly for short eats.
prices are reasonable for self service.
['very bad service.', 'just waited 40 mins and Was the only customer.', 'The food was terrible.', 'no taste total waste.']
very bad service.
just waited 40 mins and Was the only customer.
The food was terrible.
no taste total waste.
[]
['Good food, reasonable rate.', 'You will get good food which is having north India taste.', 'It is a pure veg restaurant so dont expect chicken or mutton here.', 'The Thali here is good for lunch and their Aloo paratha is quite tasty.', 'Overall a good place if you want good vegetarian food in low price.', 'The ambience is not so great.', 'It is more of a casual place to eat cheap and tasty vegetarian food.']
Good food, reasonable rate.
You will get good food which is having north India taste.
It is a pure veg restaurant so dont expect chicken or mutton here.
The Thali here is good for lunch and their Aloo paratha is quite tasty.
Overall a good place if you want good vegetarian food in low price.
The ambience is not so great.
It is more of a casual place to eat cheap and tasty vegetarian food.
['Good simple north indian foods.', '.', 'cheap n tastes great.', 'Although every paneer dish will taste similar but they have variety of rice item.', 'their Roti will remind of north indian food.', 'Dine optn is not so great becz they have very small area.']
Good simple north indian foods.
cheap n tastes great.
Although every paneer dish will taste similar but they have variety of rice item.
their Roti will remind of north indian food.
Dine optn is not so great becz they have very small area.
[]
['Ambience was is not too good, but the food is really good here at an affordable rate.', 'The chole bhature and paneer items are great.', 'Try the Hyderabadi and Peshawari paneer.', 'Over all great place on budget.']
Ambience was is not too good, but the food is really good here at an affordable rate.
The chole bhature and paneer items are great.
Try the Hyderabadi and Peshawari paneer.
Over all great place on budget.
['Small and cosy.', "Vegetarians' delight."]
Small and cosy.
Vegetarians' delight.
['Staff is courteous , fish curry was well made , the fish curry meals come with fish fry as well, good value.', "It's not crowded like the usual places around jayanagar so it's good.", 'Parking is a problem, you may want to look for a place a bit further away from here.']
Staff is courteous , fish curry was well made , the fish curry meals come with fish fry as well, good value.
It's not crowded like the usual places around jayanagar so it's good.
Parking is a problem, you may want to look for a place a bit further away from here.
['Nice place, good food with reasonable rates.']
Nice place, good food with reasonable rates.
['Very good staff.', 'Crispy chicken fry was too yummy 😋😋😋.', 'Very nice ambience 😊.']
Very good staff.
Crispy chicken fry was too yummy 😋😋😋.
Very nice ambience 😊.
['Ugadhi restaurant is renamed as Fishland.', 'A very good andhra restaurant.', 'We ate fish chicken and biryani.', 'Everything tasted good.', 'Comfortable place for andhra food lovers.']
Ugadhi restaurant is renamed as Fishland.
A very good andhra restaurant.
We ate fish chicken and biryani.
Everything tasted good.
Comfortable place for andhra food lovers.
['Very good restaurant for andhra food.', '.', 'For its Biryani!', '!', 'worth visiting.']
Very good restaurant for andhra food.
For its Biryani!
worth visiting.
['There was no one to take the order at the counter.', 'I had to wait.', 'Thought to step out, but as it was a floating restaurant, I thought of giving it a try.', 'The food was overpriced.', "Customer service doesn't deserve rating."]
There was no one to take the order at the counter.
I had to wait.
Thought to step out, but as it was a floating restaurant, I thought of giving it a try.
The food was overpriced.
Customer service doesn't deserve rating.
['Not a good place.']
Not a good place.
['PLEASE VISIT IF YOU WISH TO SPOIL YOUR DAY .', '.', '.']
PLEASE VISIT IF YOU WISH TO SPOIL YOUR DAY .
['Avg food.', '.']
Avg food.
[]
['ok food.', 'ok staff.', 'ok ambience.', 'very expensive.']
ok food.
ok staff.
ok ambience.
very expensive.
['Food taste is good.', 'But home delivery not on time.']
Food taste is good.
But home delivery not on time.
['Decent Place for a quick Chinese Bite.', 'Address and location mark up is wrong.', '.']
Decent Place for a quick Chinese Bite.
Address and location mark up is wrong.
['Small place with decent ambience, tasty food.']
Small place with decent ambience, tasty food.
["It's good.", '.']
It's good.
['Veg food ok.', '.', "Don't try fish here.", '.', "it sucks Don't buy fish if it's displayed as today's special .", "It's old fish which they couldn't sell in that week.", 'Chicken dishes were moderate.', 'Nothing fancy about this place , but still they charge you more.', 'No A/c, only water fans to make cool atmosphere.']
Veg food ok.
Don't try fish here.
it sucks Don't buy fish if it's displayed as today's special .
It's old fish which they couldn't sell in that week.
Chicken dishes were moderate.
Nothing fancy about this place , but still they charge you more.
No A/c, only water fans to make cool atmosphere.
['Always crowded.', '.', 'but food is really nice.', '.', 'Simple Rice, Dal and Roti can satisfy your hunger and make your soul happy here.', 'Service can be improved.']
Always crowded.
but food is really nice.
Simple Rice, Dal and Roti can satisfy your hunger and make your soul happy here.
Service can be improved.
['I went there with my crew for shooting a short film.', '.', '.', '.', 'The place is very specious.', '.', '.', 'But the best part is courtesy if the staff and manager.', '.', '.', 'I was already touched by the hospitality and then later arrived the food.', '.', '.', 'Yummy and good looking.', '.', '.', '.', 'Keep it up.', '.', 'I will recommend.']
I went there with my crew for shooting a short film.
The place is very specious.
But the best part is courtesy if the staff and manager.
I was already touched by the hospitality and then later arrived the food.
Yummy and good looking.
Keep it up.
I will recommend.
['Good place for north Indian food.', 'The cooks here at from north itself mainly Bengali.', 'Situated opp to Sakra hospital.']
Good place for north Indian food.
The cooks here at from north itself mainly Bengali.
Situated opp to Sakra hospital.
['Very tasty food.', 'Service is slow.', 'Less parking space.', 'Nearby Sakara Hospital belandur.']
Very tasty food.
Service is slow.
Less parking space.
Nearby Sakara Hospital belandur.
['The food is good for one who loves to eat spicy food.', 'The service is the best over here and it also has the option to pay via card or cash.', 'Hence the overall experience is good.', 'The only thing they should be focusing on the option to choose between the normal and spicy one which will facilitate almost everyone.']
The food is good for one who loves to eat spicy food.
The service is the best over here and it also has the option to pay via card or cash.
Hence the overall experience is good.
The only thing they should be focusing on the option to choose between the normal and spicy one which will facilitate almost everyone.
['Decent ambience.', 'Spicy food.', 'Think they would be better off dialing the heat down a bit.', 'Attentive service.', 'Gets a tad crowded during weekdays and the service suffers a bit during peak hours.']
Decent ambience.
Spicy food.
Think they would be better off dialing the heat down a bit.
Attentive service.
Gets a tad crowded during weekdays and the service suffers a bit during peak hours.
['Unhygenic plates, spoons, unresponsive staff and food quality is not at all good.', 'Strongly recommended not to chose this place even for a lunch anyday.']
Unhygenic plates, spoons, unresponsive staff and food quality is not at all good.
Strongly recommended not to chose this place even for a lunch anyday.
['Too spicy for me.', 'Good for Andhra style people.', 'Had to fill my mouth with cold water for 30 minutes to take out that heat.']
Too spicy for me.
Good for Andhra style people.
Had to fill my mouth with cold water for 30 minutes to take out that heat.
['Highly unhygienic place with dirty plastic plates and spoons.', 'Late service and unresponsive staffs during queries.', 'Not recommended for lunch.']
Highly unhygienic place with dirty plastic plates and spoons.
Late service and unresponsive staffs during queries.
Not recommended for lunch.
['Let me tell you the taste and quantity is the best what you can except from this budget restaurant.', 'Pocket friendly.', 'Staffs are listening to your order.', 'Food quality and quantity are perfect.', 'Cleanliness is maintained   Service may need to improve a bit.', 'Parking is on roadside.']
Let me tell you the taste and quantity is the best what you can except from this budget restaurant.
Pocket friendly.
Staffs are listening to your order.
Food quality and quantity are perfect.
Cleanliness is maintained   Service may need to improve a bit.
Parking is on roadside.
['Best and value for money.', 'Excellent taste.', 'ambience & service is poor.']
Best and value for money.
Excellent taste.
ambience & service is poor.
['Great Britain.', 'Bad service.', 'Value for money.']
Great Britain.
Bad service.
Value for money.
['Good food.', 'Good service.', 'Wait time is on a higher side.', 'But vegetarian and non vegetarian food are both excellent.']
Good food.
Good service.
Wait time is on a higher side.
But vegetarian and non vegetarian food are both excellent.
['Quality food.', 'Non-veg starters are fantastic.', 'Though the ambience is not good compared to other restaurants but in terms of taste it tops the list.', 'Must try restaurant for non-veg lovers.']
Quality food.
Non-veg starters are fantastic.
Though the ambience is not good compared to other restaurants but in terms of taste it tops the list.
Must try restaurant for non-veg lovers.
["My friend recommended this place to me, and boy, I can't thank him enough for it.", 'I generally love Tibetan food, I find the food that is served here a lot more authentic than the other Tibetan joints right next to it.', 'I used to be a regular at Tibetan Mothers Kitchen (which is a great place too), but I have moved to this place now.', 'The staff is extremely hospitable and cater to your needs with a lot of warmth.', "The only gripe I have about the place is how small it is, and it can be somewhat difficult to locate, as it's in the basement.", 'However, the decor of the place gives you a very welcoming and homely vibe.', 'Do visit this place if you love Tibetan food.']
My friend recommended this place to me, and boy, I can't thank him enough for it.
I generally love Tibetan food, I find the food that is served here a lot more authentic than the other Tibetan joints right next to it.
I used to be a regular at Tibetan Mothers Kitchen (which is a great place too), but I have moved to this place now.
The staff is extremely hospitable and cater to your needs with a lot of warmth.
The only gripe I have about the place is how small it is, and it can be somewhat difficult to locate, as it's in the basement.
However, the decor of the place gives you a very welcoming and homely vibe.
Do visit this place if you love Tibetan food.
['I went with my wife and child one evening.', 'There were suspiciously drunk men standing and smoking around.', 'The restaurant smelt like urine with hardly any ventilation options.', 'The food too was mediocre at best with the chef adding tonnes of mono sodium glutamate to hide his own inadequate cooking and pallate.', 'Overall a horrible experience.']
I went with my wife and child one evening.
There were suspiciously drunk men standing and smoking around.
The restaurant smelt like urine with hardly any ventilation options.
The food too was mediocre at best with the chef adding tonnes of mono sodium glutamate to hide his own inadequate cooking and pallate.
Overall a horrible experience.
['Good Tibetan food which will not make your wallet lighter.', 'Tibetan food items like tingmo, thukpa are what you can try out new.', 'Serves both veg and non veg.', "Restaurant doesn't have much seating capacity, visit if in a group not more than 4 to be seated together."]
Good Tibetan food which will not make your wallet lighter.
Tibetan food items like tingmo, thukpa are what you can try out new.
Serves both veg and non veg.
Restaurant doesn't have much seating capacity, visit if in a group not more than 4 to be seated together.
['The best Chinese food I had eaten ,Lot better than mainland China.', 'The price will not make hole in your pocket.', 'Must try place at least once.']
The best Chinese food I had eaten ,Lot better than mainland China.
The price will not make hole in your pocket.
Must try place at least once.
['If you need Authentic Tibetan food in Bangalore, you should come here.', 'Tastes yummy.', 'My all time favorite!']
If you need Authentic Tibetan food in Bangalore, you should come here.
Tastes yummy.
My all time favorite!
["It's one of the best hangout place for food lovers.", 'I keep visiting this place very often.', "Recently went to dinner party of my friend's birthday.", 'I like their starters, specially prawns very juicy and delicious.', 'Great ambiance and good service.', 'Overall the Buffet with varieties of dishes & desserts is value for money.', 'Definitely a must go restaurant.']
It's one of the best hangout place for food lovers.
I keep visiting this place very often.
Recently went to dinner party of my friend's birthday.
I like their starters, specially prawns very juicy and delicious.
Great ambiance and good service.
Overall the Buffet with varieties of dishes & desserts is value for money.
Definitely a must go restaurant.
['Great food.', 'Amazing service.', 'I think only one place in India that was not expecting tip from me.', 'If you want good food in all-you-can-eat style that is the place to go.', 'Would definitely come back.', 'Good place to have team dinner or something like that - they can host big groups easily.']
Great food.
Amazing service.
I think only one place in India that was not expecting tip from me.
If you want good food in all-you-can-eat style that is the place to go.
Would definitely come back.
Good place to have team dinner or something like that - they can host big groups easily.
['It was our first time there and the ambience  was nice.', 'They gave us a surprise by singing for us,presented us with a small cake which was delicious and a complimentary drink as it was our 1st year anniversary.', 'Felt so happy today.', 'All the staffs were nice and the service was excellent.', 'As for the food,the starters were fantastic and the buffet was good.', 'We enjoyed ourselves very much and will definitely visit this place when we come again to india.', 'Overall.', '.', '.', "it's an awesome place to dine."]
It was our first time there and the ambience  was nice.
They gave us a surprise by singing for us,presented us with a small cake which was delicious and a complimentary drink as it was our 1st year anniversary.
Felt so happy today.
All the staffs were nice and the service was excellent.
As for the food,the starters were fantastic and the buffet was good.
We enjoyed ourselves very much and will definitely visit this place when we come again to india.
Overall.
it's an awesome place to dine.
['Amazing service and amazing food.', 'Staffs are very friendly and always make sure you are satisfied with their service.', 'If you visit them when they have their special theme you get to eat their special dishes.', 'Worth the money!', '!']
Amazing service and amazing food.
Staffs are very friendly and always make sure you are satisfied with their service.
If you visit them when they have their special theme you get to eat their special dishes.
Worth the money!
['Superb place to experience Barbeque (specially for non vegetarian) with friends.', '.', 'Nice stuffs and other foods (in buffet) also.', 'Great management.', '.', 'No Disappointment for vegetarians cause their awesome Corns, salads, Paneer, sweets, ice creams & lots.', '.', 'Rates are reasonable.', '.']
Superb place to experience Barbeque (specially for non vegetarian) with friends.
Nice stuffs and other foods (in buffet) also.
Great management.
No Disappointment for vegetarians cause their awesome Corns, salads, Paneer, sweets, ice creams & lots.
Rates are reasonable.
['Very tasty and good food.', 'Service was also alright.']
Very tasty and good food.
Service was also alright.
['Awesome and tasty starters.', 'Specially chicken Tikka and mutton seek kebabs.', 'Service is also great.', 'Keep up the good work.']
Awesome and tasty starters.
Specially chicken Tikka and mutton seek kebabs.
Service is also great.
Keep up the good work.
[]
[]
[]
['Love the fully served, all - course meal!', 'The hospitality of the staff is commendable as they will not let you finish while you might still be hungry!', 'The taste of the food is a healthy mix of Rajasthan & Gujarat!']
Love the fully served, all - course meal!
The hospitality of the staff is commendable as they will not let you finish while you might still be hungry!
The taste of the food is a healthy mix of Rajasthan & Gujarat!
['Food is awesome as always.', 'I go here for their famous daal baati.', 'My favourite!']
Food is awesome as always.
I go here for their famous daal baati.
My favourite!
['Visited place on a Tuesday.', 'Had great meal for 249.', '.', '.', 'Hot n tasty.', '.', '.', 'Good service.', '.', '.', 'Heaven for vegetarian.', '.', '.']
Visited place on a Tuesday.
Had great meal for 249.
Hot n tasty.
Good service.
Heaven for vegetarian.
['I was just OK with the food !', '!']
I was just OK with the food !
['Food was ok ok types.', 'Sweet dish was extremely good.', 'Food items sequence was not proper.']
Food was ok ok types.
Sweet dish was extremely good.
Food items sequence was not proper.
[]
['Great place .', '.', '.']
Great place .
['Great selection of eateries.', '.', '.', 'Fulfill every food craving possible.']
Great selection of eateries.
Fulfill every food craving possible.
[]
[]
['Lunch Thali comes with a wide variety of dishes.', 'The way they sequence it is just apt and you keep on getting items in your plate.', 'Nice and courteous service by staff.', 'Hygienic and well maintained.', 'Once can take a nice walk in Mini Forest right opposite to MTR.']
Lunch Thali comes with a wide variety of dishes.
The way they sequence it is just apt and you keep on getting items in your plate.
Nice and courteous service by staff.
Hygienic and well maintained.
Once can take a nice walk in Mini Forest right opposite to MTR.
['Well established restaurant and brand that delivers quality South Indian vegetarian food each time.', 'The JP nagar outlet in the quaint neighbourhood of mini forest, also maintains the standards of the other branches.', 'Must go place for lip smacking tiffins, meals and sweets.', 'Brisk service ensures that the waiting time is not too long.', 'However it may have a rushed feel to the whole experience, as one may not be able to savour the dishes leisurely.', 'But it’s worth going here for south delicacies.']
Well established restaurant and brand that delivers quality South Indian vegetarian food each time.
The JP nagar outlet in the quaint neighbourhood of mini forest, also maintains the standards of the other branches.
Must go place for lip smacking tiffins, meals and sweets.
Brisk service ensures that the waiting time is not too long.
However it may have a rushed feel to the whole experience, as one may not be able to savour the dishes leisurely.
But it’s worth going here for south delicacies.
['Nice very popular restaurant.', 'Good snacks and nice service.', 'Not expensive.', 'One can enjoy going with friends and family.']
Nice very popular restaurant.
Good snacks and nice service.
Not expensive.
One can enjoy going with friends and family.
['A perfect place for a quick authentic South Indian bite.', 'Their crispy and thick dosas with a mesmerizing aroma is enhanced by the ghee accompanying it.', 'They are the inventors of rawa idly.', '.', 'The way it melts in your mouth.', '.', "You're just left wanting more.", 'They also serve meals which are as good as any other item on their menu.', 'They serve desserts and have a take away store for their sweets and snack items too.', 'What more could you ask for.', '.', 'you can eat the stuff and take home too.']
A perfect place for a quick authentic South Indian bite.
Their crispy and thick dosas with a mesmerizing aroma is enhanced by the ghee accompanying it.
They are the inventors of rawa idly.
The way it melts in your mouth.
You're just left wanting more.
They also serve meals which are as good as any other item on their menu.
They serve desserts and have a take away store for their sweets and snack items too.
What more could you ask for.
you can eat the stuff and take home too.
[]
['After it has changed to Kaveri Family restaurant, the quality is dropping slowly.', 'Recently went there with my wife and we were completely disappointed with all the items.']
After it has changed to Kaveri Family restaurant, the quality is dropping slowly.
Recently went there with my wife and we were completely disappointed with all the items.
[]
['Good food.', 'Authentic local cuisine.']
Good food.
Authentic local cuisine.
['Kebab they served was the worst experience.', 'Biryani is ok for the price.']
Kebab they served was the worst experience.
Biryani is ok for the price.
['Worth the money.', 'Quick service for non veg items.']
Worth the money.
Quick service for non veg items.
[]
['The place is spacious.', 'Can accomodate a lot of people.', 'The service is a bit slow.', 'Usually it takes minimum 10 minutes to get an item during lunch hours.', 'South indian food is very good.', 'North Indian not so good.', 'Good for lunch though.']
The place is spacious.
Can accomodate a lot of people.
The service is a bit slow.
Usually it takes minimum 10 minutes to get an item during lunch hours.
South indian food is very good.
North Indian not so good.
Good for lunch though.
[]
['Good food as always expected fro.', 'Indian coffee house.', 'Well mannered staff.']
Good food as always expected fro.
Indian coffee house.
Well mannered staff.
['Inexpensive, good food.', 'For people with a sweet tooth, order the French toast !']
Inexpensive, good food.
For people with a sweet tooth, order the French toast !
[]
['I will never order biriyani again.', '.', 'Therw was no taste.', 'Qulity qnd quntity both not good.', '.']
I will never order biriyani again.
Therw was no taste.
Qulity qnd quntity both not good.
['Pros:Kolkata katti rolls are good.']
Pros:Kolkata katti rolls are good.
['Excellent meats.', 'Slow service and a small place.']
Excellent meats.
Slow service and a small place.
['Good north Indian food.', '.', '.']
Good north Indian food.
['Very tasty food at very affordable prices.', "Don't forget to try tandoori starters, they are very good."]
Very tasty food at very affordable prices.
Don't forget to try tandoori starters, they are very good.
[]
['Ok ok place in electronic City.', 'I tried only dal bhati.', 'You can better with the same price offered.']
Ok ok place in electronic City.
I tried only dal bhati.
You can better with the same price offered.
['The most pathetic food I ever tasted .', 'The serving staff doest not have any ettiquets to talk to the customer.', 'They behave as they are doing some favour on the customer .', "Biggest problem, they don't have a parking space."]
The most pathetic food I ever tasted .
The serving staff doest not have any ettiquets to talk to the customer.
They behave as they are doing some favour on the customer .
Biggest problem, they don't have a parking space.
['Within budget and tasty food .', '.', 'best daal baati i had in bangalore .', '.', 'would definitely recommend.']
Within budget and tasty food .
best daal baati i had in bangalore .
would definitely recommend.
['Very overpriced and hardly any variety for vegetarian food.', 'One lady came to take the order and asked for my phone number.', "I said I don't want to share it and she gave me a look as if I refused to pay the bill!", 'Terrible etiquette.', 'The other waiter who took the order was fine but could not communicate in basic English.', 'Lemonade was sour and seemed like artificial syrup was used to make it.', 'Overall complete waste of money even though I had ordered a meal which was the most value for money.']
Very overpriced and hardly any variety for vegetarian food.
One lady came to take the order and asked for my phone number.
I said I don't want to share it and she gave me a look as if I refused to pay the bill!
Terrible etiquette.
The other waiter who took the order was fine but could not communicate in basic English.
Lemonade was sour and seemed like artificial syrup was used to make it.
Overall complete waste of money even though I had ordered a meal which was the most value for money.
["Chilli's has a extremely well priced lunch combo.", "After completing the meal you can't ask for more .", 'It is usually on the last page of the menu.', 'It has both veg and non veg options .', 'One can choose 1 soup or starter , 1 main course and 1 drink (bottom less coke or lemonade) and perfect sleepy day at desk guaranteed .', 'Have fun with food .', 'Good music and ambience too .']
Chilli's has a extremely well priced lunch combo.
After completing the meal you can't ask for more .
It is usually on the last page of the menu.
It has both veg and non veg options .
One can choose 1 soup or starter , 1 main course and 1 drink (bottom less coke or lemonade) and perfect sleepy day at desk guaranteed .
Have fun with food .
Good music and ambience too .
["It's a nice American style restaurant inside RMZ ecoworld.", 'They serve some nice and fully loaded burgers.', '.', '.', 'Their steaks are also droolworthy.', 'Tried few salads also which are also nice.', 'The pricing is on the higher side, but the portion size are well above average.', 'The folks over there are nice and very friendly.', "It's definitely a place which can be frequented."]
It's a nice American style restaurant inside RMZ ecoworld.
They serve some nice and fully loaded burgers.
Their steaks are also droolworthy.
Tried few salads also which are also nice.
The pricing is on the higher side, but the portion size are well above average.
The folks over there are nice and very friendly.
It's definitely a place which can be frequented.
["I'm quite sure that the American Chili's isnt like this.", 'The ambience is great but that is just about it.', 'Food quality and taste is less than average (we had two different kinds of chicken burger), the prices are too high.']
I'm quite sure that the American Chili's isnt like this.
The ambience is great but that is just about it.
Food quality and taste is less than average (we had two different kinds of chicken burger), the prices are too high.
['Quintessential American food and drinks.', 'Two separate seating areas, one inside and one open.', 'The place also has a pool table and a foosball table in the open area.', 'The joint is located in the commercial hub of Ecoworld/EcoSpace, and the best part it is not over crowded on weekends.']
Quintessential American food and drinks.
Two separate seating areas, one inside and one open.
The place also has a pool table and a foosball table in the open area.
The joint is located in the commercial hub of Ecoworld/EcoSpace, and the best part it is not over crowded on weekends.
['An average place to eat Manipuri cuisine.', 'Taste and ambience can be improved to a great extent.']
An average place to eat Manipuri cuisine.
Taste and ambience can be improved to a great extent.
['One of the few authentic Manipuri restauranta.', 'Parking is difficult.']
One of the few authentic Manipuri restauranta.
Parking is difficult.
['Nice homely food far from home.', '.', '.', '.', '.']
Nice homely food far from home.
['Manipur food.', 'Finally found one good place to eat north east food.']
Manipur food.
Finally found one good place to eat north east food.
['Lovely Manipuri dishes available, tons of varieties available.', '.', '.']
Lovely Manipuri dishes available, tons of varieties available.
['Nice restaurant with an agreeable atmosphere.', 'Familiar for hot spicy food menus.', 'I have tried many items on the menu and all were excellent.', 'Thumbs up to the team.']
Nice restaurant with an agreeable atmosphere.
Familiar for hot spicy food menus.
I have tried many items on the menu and all were excellent.
Thumbs up to the team.
['Known for its spicy Andhra food, Kritunga has been serving in Marathahalli for a long time.', 'Parking : They do have an empty ground next to the building which can be used for parking  Menu : They have good varieties especially in non vegetarian category  Service : Thanks to their huge crew, service has always been quick  Cost : Neither too expensive nor too cheap.', 'Worthy for quantity and taste.', 'Ambience : Looks packed.', 'Simple and decent interiors.']
Known for its spicy Andhra food, Kritunga has been serving in Marathahalli for a long time.
Parking : They do have an empty ground next to the building which can be used for parking  Menu : They have good varieties especially in non vegetarian category  Service : Thanks to their huge crew, service has always been quick  Cost : Neither too expensive nor too cheap.
Worthy for quantity and taste.
Ambience : Looks packed.
Simple and decent interiors.
['Boneless biryani is very nice.', '.', "but don't go on Sundays if you don't like crowded places."]
Boneless biryani is very nice.
but don't go on Sundays if you don't like crowded places.
['We have to wait for minimum half an hour to get Dinning Seats.', 'Then we have to wait for the food.']
We have to wait for minimum half an hour to get Dinning Seats.
Then we have to wait for the food.
['Go ahead, if your tongue is craving for something very spicy.', '.', '.', 'the ambiance is ok.', '.', 'the taste of food( I have only tried non veg there) is really great.', '.']
Go ahead, if your tongue is craving for something very spicy.
the ambiance is ok.
the taste of food( I have only tried non veg there) is really great.
['They best Barbecue options.', 'Pineapple BBQ is must try.', 'Taste is very good compare to what we get in and around.', 'Price is moderate  not too costly.', 'If you go with taste then price will not matter.', 'They also have very different menu not same old ones.', 'Their daily special is also must try which will be different taste and filled with lot of veggies.']
They best Barbecue options.
Pineapple BBQ is must try.
Taste is very good compare to what we get in and around.
Price is moderate  not too costly.
If you go with taste then price will not matter.
They also have very different menu not same old ones.
Their daily special is also must try which will be different taste and filled with lot of veggies.
['Been here with family for dinner on a Saturday night.', 'The place looks like a chic fast food restaurant.', 'The parking space is quite limited, so you may find parking a bit tedious at times.', 'The place is all about self service like any other fast food and also offers a display of what you might wanna dig in too.', 'Grilliez seem to have a very good spread of food starting from salad to burgers to juices and thick shakes.', 'The food is decent and the quantity is just about right.', 'Unlike other restaurants, the prices mentioned on the menu are inclusive of all taxes.', 'The meats are cooked well and well spiced.', 'The hummus is very unique and super soft.', 'The Greek Salad was well laden with Ranch sauce and yet tasty.', 'Overall, the place is a good place for grilled food that is tasty and healthy.']
Been here with family for dinner on a Saturday night.
The place looks like a chic fast food restaurant.
The parking space is quite limited, so you may find parking a bit tedious at times.
The place is all about self service like any other fast food and also offers a display of what you might wanna dig in too.
Grilliez seem to have a very good spread of food starting from salad to burgers to juices and thick shakes.
The food is decent and the quantity is just about right.
Unlike other restaurants, the prices mentioned on the menu are inclusive of all taxes.
The meats are cooked well and well spiced.
The hummus is very unique and super soft.
The Greek Salad was well laden with Ranch sauce and yet tasty.
Overall, the place is a good place for grilled food that is tasty and healthy.
['One of the Non-veg restaurant in Haraluru road.', 'It has varieties of grilled chicken options, Veg/Non-veg rolls, Burger with Chicken, Lamp, Fish options.', 'French Fries, Safron rice bowl and Broast (Crispy fried chicken) options are available.', 'Restaurant has capacity to occupy 20 people.', 'I would prefer to take away instead of having there, due to Grill smoke, otherwise ambience, temperature is been well maintained.']
One of the Non-veg restaurant in Haraluru road.
It has varieties of grilled chicken options, Veg/Non-veg rolls, Burger with Chicken, Lamp, Fish options.
French Fries, Safron rice bowl and Broast (Crispy fried chicken) options are available.
Restaurant has capacity to occupy 20 people.
I would prefer to take away instead of having there, due to Grill smoke, otherwise ambience, temperature is been well maintained.
['Very good place for non veg lovers.', 'Food is really good and tasty.', 'Little expensive.']
Very good place for non veg lovers.
Food is really good and tasty.
Little expensive.
['Good food for sure.', '.', '.', 'The Double booster is a definite winner.', 'The owners have tried to keep a nice open, modern feel to the place.', 'Nice ambience.', '.', '.', 'The burgers were delicious, not too huge, but good enough and quite filling.', 'The fish burger, Arabian and Double booster are definite must-trys.', 'Going to try getting home delivery next time.', '.']
Good food for sure.
The Double booster is a definite winner.
The owners have tried to keep a nice open, modern feel to the place.
Nice ambience.
The burgers were delicious, not too huge, but good enough and quite filling.
The fish burger, Arabian and Double booster are definite must-trys.
Going to try getting home delivery next time.
['Excellent.', 'Awesome food.', 'If you are in Bangalore please visit the restaurant and take the lunch.', 'The food quality is just awesome.', 'Veg and non veg both available.', 'Liquor not allowed.', "It's a family restaurant and 33 years old."]
Excellent.
Awesome food.
If you are in Bangalore please visit the restaurant and take the lunch.
The food quality is just awesome.
Veg and non veg both available.
Liquor not allowed.
It's a family restaurant and 33 years old.
['Went there for lunch.', 'The quality of the food was very good.', 'Table was not very clean it was ok.', 'The staffs there were very polite as we took time to order the food and they were about to close.', 'Biryani is a must try here.', '.', '.', 'Only bad thing is the parking.', "Only couple of cars can park here and it's very hard to find parking nearby."]
Went there for lunch.
The quality of the food was very good.
Table was not very clean it was ok.
The staffs there were very polite as we took time to order the food and they were about to close.
Biryani is a must try here.
Only bad thing is the parking.
Only couple of cars can park here and it's very hard to find parking nearby.
['Usually crowded.', 'Reservations are recommended during weekends and peak hours.']
Usually crowded.
Reservations are recommended during weekends and peak hours.
['Meals are pretty ordinary.', 'Further no value for money.', 'Most of the time the place is crowded during lunch not because the food is good but due to limited alternatives in the locality.']
Meals are pretty ordinary.
Further no value for money.
Most of the time the place is crowded during lunch not because the food is good but due to limited alternatives in the locality.
['Delicious food, do try the mutton biryani.', 'The veg thali looks tempting as well.', 'Very pocket friendly, fast service.', 'No frills restaurant serving delicious food.']
Delicious food, do try the mutton biryani.
The veg thali looks tempting as well.
Very pocket friendly, fast service.
No frills restaurant serving delicious food.
['Amazing place, a vegans paradise!', '!', '!', 'You get a huge spread of  dishes, all cruelty free!', 'They make their own bread, Chocolate sauce etc as well.', 'Loved their banana-peanut milk shake and chocolate brownie.', 'There is a parking space opposite side of the road.']
Amazing place, a vegans paradise!
You get a huge spread of  dishes, all cruelty free!
They make their own bread, Chocolate sauce etc as well.
Loved their banana-peanut milk shake and chocolate brownie.
There is a parking space opposite side of the road.
['Amazing place.', '.', '.', 'Very passionate people.', '.', '.', 'Good food.', '.', '.', '.', 'Must visit in bangalore.', 'You will definitely enjoy the food and the place.']
Amazing place.
Very passionate people.
Good food.
Must visit in bangalore.
You will definitely enjoy the food and the place.
['"Overall it\'s a great experience and good place to try Vegan food".', '"Variety of items in menu, good staff".', '"Fun casual ambiance run by really lovely people who enjoy food".']
"Overall it's a great experience and good place to try Vegan food".
"Variety of items in menu, good staff".
"Fun casual ambiance run by really lovely people who enjoy food".
['It is a pure vegetarian center.', 'The menu is very stylish with dishes that I had never heard before.', 'Other a couple of stuffs with a lot of curiosity to take a bite.', 'But, ahhh.', '.', '.', 'not so great when it comes to taste.']
It is a pure vegetarian center.
The menu is very stylish with dishes that I had never heard before.
Other a couple of stuffs with a lot of curiosity to take a bite.
But, ahhh.
not so great when it comes to taste.
['Amazing taste.']
Amazing taste.
['Roof top restaurant.', 'Food is primarily chinese.', 'We had buffet.', 'It was ok, but not extraordinary.', 'Ambience is good.', 'Very good location too.']
Roof top restaurant.
Food is primarily chinese.
We had buffet.
It was ok, but not extraordinary.
Ambience is good.
Very good location too.
[]
[]
['Casual place.', '.']
Casual place.
['Excellent food.']
Excellent food.
['The worst place.', 'I fell sick after eating Malabar biryani.', 'me and my Frnd ordered egg rice and Malabar biryani.', 'the rice was same for both of us except he added two chicken peace’s in biryani which was frm chicken gravy.', '.', '.', '.', 'not worth the money.']
The worst place.
I fell sick after eating Malabar biryani.
me and my Frnd ordered egg rice and Malabar biryani.
the rice was same for both of us except he added two chicken peace’s in biryani which was frm chicken gravy.
not worth the money.
['Ambience is ok but food is super bad that I had diarrhoea.', 'I ordered chicken lollypop and chicken biryani(Malabar).', 'My friend ordered veg biryani that too was bad.', 'There were no water in taps to wash hands.', 'You will get lot of Kerela options though.', 'The biryani was nothing like Malabar biryani, they had egg in it.', "If you don't know Malabar biryani don't have egg in it."]
Ambience is ok but food is super bad that I had diarrhoea.
I ordered chicken lollypop and chicken biryani(Malabar).
My friend ordered veg biryani that too was bad.
There were no water in taps to wash hands.
You will get lot of Kerela options though.
The biryani was nothing like Malabar biryani, they had egg in it.
If you don't know Malabar biryani don't have egg in it.
['Even though the prices are bit high, The food seems to be lot tastier.']
Even though the prices are bit high, The food seems to be lot tastier.
[]
['Wonderful food.', 'Kerala style restaurant that is better than few around this place.']
Wonderful food.
Kerala style restaurant that is better than few around this place.
[]
[]
[]
['This bar is in residencial area.']
This bar is in residencial area.
[]
['Food is good but sometimes it may not be good also.', '.', '.']
Food is good but sometimes it may not be good also.
['Was here with family , we are big Biryani lovers .', 'Found a huge insect in the food , it was taken back .', 'The owner dint even say sorry and just gave me bad looks as if I put it there .', 'Things like this do happen but , u must at least apologise very disappointed .']
Was here with family , we are big Biryani lovers .
Found a huge insect in the food , it was taken back .
The owner dint even say sorry and just gave me bad looks as if I put it there .
Things like this do happen but , u must at least apologise very disappointed .
[]
['Worst service  Asked for butter chicken but idiots gave gravy which without chicken.']
Worst service  Asked for butter chicken but idiots gave gravy which without chicken.
['The non veg lovers need to try a food at this restaurant, I had been with my friends they served the best chicken biryani that I ever tasted.', 'The price is reasonable.']
The non veg lovers need to try a food at this restaurant, I had been with my friends they served the best chicken biryani that I ever tasted.
The price is reasonable.
['Nice hotel and restaurant.', 'Buffet options are great.', 'Very good varieties.', 'They serve 100+ items on a buffet lunch.', 'Also Good ambience and customer attention.']
Nice hotel and restaurant.
Buffet options are great.
Very good varieties.
They serve 100+ items on a buffet lunch.
Also Good ambience and customer attention.
['Very good spread in the Buffet Menu.', 'Everything cooked to perfection.', 'The presentation was artistic and so were the medley of flavours.', 'The staff were very courteous and the ambiance relaxing.', 'Located on the ORR it is close to many of the offices and can make for a good team gathering spot.']
Very good spread in the Buffet Menu.
Everything cooked to perfection.
The presentation was artistic and so were the medley of flavours.
The staff were very courteous and the ambiance relaxing.
Located on the ORR it is close to many of the offices and can make for a good team gathering spot.
['Poor service.', 'Below average starterz and main course.', 'Fish was stale.', 'Desserts was the savior and upto the mark.', 'If you are tagging along with your team its fine, please dont spend money and choose to go to this place with your loved ones.']
Poor service.
Below average starterz and main course.
Fish was stale.
Desserts was the savior and upto the mark.
If you are tagging along with your team its fine, please dont spend money and choose to go to this place with your loved ones.
['Was not happy with the service provided.', 'The buffet counter was literally empty most of the time and we literally had to ask the staff to refill it.', 'Same was the case with the cutlery.', "We had to ask for dessert spoons as they weren't there at the counter.", 'This is not expected at a place like marriotts.', 'Food was also average.']
Was not happy with the service provided.
The buffet counter was literally empty most of the time and we literally had to ask the staff to refill it.
Same was the case with the cutlery.
We had to ask for dessert spoons as they weren't there at the counter.
This is not expected at a place like marriotts.
Food was also average.
['Elaborate buffet spread with a mix of North, south, Chinese and continental menu.', 'There is a live counter for pasta.', 'Momo cafe has contemporary ambience with a classy feel.']
Elaborate buffet spread with a mix of North, south, Chinese and continental menu.
There is a live counter for pasta.
Momo cafe has contemporary ambience with a classy feel.
['Nagarjuna is probably one of the best places to go for Andhra Meals in Bangalore.', 'Service and food are good.', 'Lunch time can get a little crowded and one might have to wait a little before getting a table even though there are two floors.', 'Valet parking is available for cars and there is ample parking space for two wheelers.']
Nagarjuna is probably one of the best places to go for Andhra Meals in Bangalore.
Service and food are good.
Lunch time can get a little crowded and one might have to wait a little before getting a table even though there are two floors.
Valet parking is available for cars and there is ample parking space for two wheelers.
['Typical Andhra restaurant.', 'Spicy food.', 'Getting a table here on weekends would be a challenge.', 'The Andhra meals here are great.', 'The prices are reasonable.', 'Would suggest you to have the meals if you want to try a typical South Indian meal.']
Typical Andhra restaurant.
Spicy food.
Getting a table here on weekends would be a challenge.
The Andhra meals here are great.
The prices are reasonable.
Would suggest you to have the meals if you want to try a typical South Indian meal.
['The food was very nice and the starters were all wonderful.', "I suppose the veg thali wasn't absolutely mind-blowing, thus the four stars.", 'But a lovely experience.']
The food was very nice and the starters were all wonderful.
I suppose the veg thali wasn't absolutely mind-blowing, thus the four stars.
But a lovely experience.
['Good Andhra food is available.', 'The place is clean and well maintained.', 'We ordered a meal and all the items are cooked in a tasty way.', 'Generally no advanced reservations are required to dine at this place.', 'There is no live music at this place.']
Good Andhra food is available.
The place is clean and well maintained.
We ordered a meal and all the items are cooked in a tasty way.
Generally no advanced reservations are required to dine at this place.
There is no live music at this place.
['Authentic South Indian food.', 'Their fish items are great.', 'Food quantities are very very good.', 'Only flip side is they crowded most of the times.']
Authentic South Indian food.
Their fish items are great.
Food quantities are very very good.
Only flip side is they crowded most of the times.
['The service was really good for us.', '.', 'we had booked the 1st floor party hall.', '.', 'the ambience was good enough too.', 'The location is a bit noisy as its adjacent to Bannerghatta main road.', 'Food isnt exceptionally good or anything but its pretty good enough.', 'atleast more than what we expected.', '.', 'we had come as a corporate group and the setting they had made for us was really good.']
The service was really good for us.
we had booked the 1st floor party hall.
the ambience was good enough too.
The location is a bit noisy as its adjacent to Bannerghatta main road.
Food isnt exceptionally good or anything but its pretty good enough.
atleast more than what we expected.
we had come as a corporate group and the setting they had made for us was really good.
['Very good food.', 'Very nice place.', 'Will come back soon.']
Very good food.
Very nice place.
Will come back soon.
['great service by mr.', 'vinay and prasanna, liked personal attendance.', 'good food too.', 'dr.']
great service by mr.
vinay and prasanna, liked personal attendance.
good food too.
dr.
['Quick service, Tasty food and nice ambiance.', 'Perfect place for friends and even families as well.', 'The food is affordable and the place is neat.']
Quick service, Tasty food and nice ambiance.
Perfect place for friends and even families as well.
The food is affordable and the place is neat.
['Regular visitor here for the last 10years.', '.', '.', 'off late the place is more suitable for bar, than a family dinner.', 'But the pepper chicken tastes the same all through this year.', 'Awesome pepper chicken.', '.', '.']
Regular visitor here for the last 10years.
off late the place is more suitable for bar, than a family dinner.
But the pepper chicken tastes the same all through this year.
Awesome pepper chicken.
['Good ambience and polite staff.', 'Service is quick and the staff takes times to answer all queries regarding the menu.', 'Above all, the food is brilliant.', 'Great place to visit with family and friends.', 'The place is kid friendly as well.']
Good ambience and polite staff.
Service is quick and the staff takes times to answer all queries regarding the menu.
Above all, the food is brilliant.
Great place to visit with family and friends.
The place is kid friendly as well.
['Good ambience and very well spoken staff from the north east India.', 'I had grilled salmon and mashed potato with a white sauce made of cream and spinach.', 'The dish was really nice.', 'The feedback I got from others about the food they had (they had lamb and pork) was equally good.', 'Veg food had good starter options but not sure about the main course.', 'Overall a very good place for dinner or lunch for a family or a couple especially if you u enjoy good non-veg food.']
Good ambience and very well spoken staff from the north east India.
I had grilled salmon and mashed potato with a white sauce made of cream and spinach.
The dish was really nice.
The feedback I got from others about the food they had (they had lamb and pork) was equally good.
Veg food had good starter options but not sure about the main course.
Overall a very good place for dinner or lunch for a family or a couple especially if you u enjoy good non-veg food.
['Comfortable and cozy place.', 'Staff is very polite and friendly.', 'Always love the food they serve.', 'Complimentary warm bread and tasty butter.', 'All dishes we ordered were delicious.']
Comfortable and cozy place.
Staff is very polite and friendly.
Always love the food they serve.
Complimentary warm bread and tasty butter.
All dishes we ordered were delicious.
['Everything is delicious, the food and wines are delicious and worth every rupee.', 'You pay for quality and quantity at Chianti (Ki-an-tee).', 'The ambience is pleasant and the service excellent.']
Everything is delicious, the food and wines are delicious and worth every rupee.
You pay for quality and quantity at Chianti (Ki-an-tee).
The ambience is pleasant and the service excellent.
['Just amazing authentic Italian food.', 'Haven’t had such good Italian food in a very long time.', 'Every dish we called for was delicious.']
Just amazing authentic Italian food.
Haven’t had such good Italian food in a very long time.
Every dish we called for was delicious.
['Nice food ń ambience.', 'Good people around you.', '.', 'Happy evening to spend good weekend time.']
Nice food ń ambience.
Good people around you.
Happy evening to spend good weekend time.
['Service : slow and staggered (can be improved) for a la carte Food : flavors are pretty good with variety of dips at dispense Serving size : I will give 4.', '5/5 generous portions of main course Ambience : retro wallpapers with incandescent shade of lighting.', 'Pricing : 5/5 one of the best places to hangout for dinner and have a drink.', 'P. S THEIR BUFFET SPREAD ALSO VERY GOOD!']
Service : slow and staggered (can be improved) for a la carte Food : flavors are pretty good with variety of dips at dispense Serving size : I will give 4.
5/5 generous portions of main course Ambience : retro wallpapers with incandescent shade of lighting.
Pricing : 5/5 one of the best places to hangout for dinner and have a drink.
P. S THEIR BUFFET SPREAD ALSO VERY GOOD!
['The quality of food and service is good at there’s price.', 'You can the price and menu in the photo attached.', 'It’s a good place to team lunch and dinner.', 'Before/after having food you have few places to entertain within the Gopalan mall.']
The quality of food and service is good at there’s price.
You can the price and menu in the photo attached.
It’s a good place to team lunch and dinner.
Before/after having food you have few places to entertain within the Gopalan mall.
['Quite good place for good starters and drinks.', 'The place is quite same a BBQ Nation/ Absolute BBQ , the only difference is you get the cooked food right then and there serving hot.', 'Ambiance is quite serene and low lighting gives a calming effect to enjoy the dinner night.']
Quite good place for good starters and drinks.
The place is quite same a BBQ Nation/ Absolute BBQ , the only difference is you get the cooked food right then and there serving hot.
Ambiance is quite serene and low lighting gives a calming effect to enjoy the dinner night.
['Food is decent.', 'Service is TERRIBLE.', 'We were a group of 50 people.', 'The seating provided by them was not sufficient.', 'When we asked for an extra table to seat four, they started arguing with us saying they would have to send people back.', 'They allocated only two waiters to serve 50 of us so you can imagine how long that took.', 'As soon as another large group came, miraculously more waiters appeared and speed of service picked up.', 'This time it was extreme, they wanted us to leave the hotel as soon as possible.']
Food is decent.
